Now talks are continuing in Cairo aimed
at reaching a ceasefire in Gaza the
framework proposal would see female sick
and elderly captives released in
exchange for a six-week truce the US
says Israel has more or less agreed to
the deal but as those talks continue
there's no end to Israel's bombardment
on the
ground inali Refugee camper searching
the rubel Force survivors and bodies
after a series of blasts at least eight
palestin have been killed more than
30,500 people so far have been killed
now Palestinians waiting for food have
again come under Israeli fire as those
Aid convoys
[Applause]
arrived several Palestinians have been
injured by Israeli forces in the or in
the Kuwait roundabout area of Gaza City
only a few people were able to get some
boxes which included water flour and
other items now the trucks left carrying
some of those injured by that gun fire
Al ja's correspondent is Al was at
Kuwait roundabout before Israeli forces
opened fire on people waiting for
Aid we're now in Salah Road near Kuwait
roundabout where the humanitarian aid
from South Gaza arrived in this area the
Israeli forces have committed the
so-called flower Massacre and open fire
on Palestinian civilians who are trying
to get flour from eight trucks at the
Noble Sur roundabout in the west of Gaza
City today we got some Aid we found
water and cans water is fine but we need
food for the children and the elderly
people the holy month of Ramadan is
coming soon and we need flour to bake
bread three trucks of a for 700,000
people they speak about the aid every
day they're deceiving us three or four
trucks of aid for thousands of people my
son told me that he's hungry and he
couldn't wait anymore my children get up
hungry every morning and I have nothing
to offer them this isn't life the
citizens hopes are very high that more
and more trucks will enter Gaza Strip
but still the number of trucks carrying
Aid is very
limited
ja Hy Mahmud our correspondent joins us
now on the phone from Rafer let's just
begin with the ongoing strikes on
convoys of Aid it seems to be relentless
hany yes and the fact that right now the
situations are very very critical in in
northern part of this church given the
famine is spreading really quickly
across that part of the Gava strip where
we have more people particularly
children vulnerable group and victims
largely been victim of this genocide of
War a diet of dehydration and starvation
and also there's a great deal of
frustration and that is it could buy a
statement by the civil defense
department in the G STP that stated that
the mechanism of Aid delivery as well as
the uh the ongoing restriction by the
Israeli military on the ground to
obstruct Aid delivery to Hungry largely
hungry popul in in the northern part of
Y is humiliating the it is dangerous
we're talking about
fourth time now in less than a week a
trucks are being targeted either the
people are targeted directly or the a
truck itself is being targeted directly
as what happened in within the past 48
hours and right
now
Kuwaiti in Gaza that's a very popular
site right now because it happens before
where people Gather in larger groups
waiting for a trucks to get
to that to the Gaza and the northern
part and so they are able to get some of
the food supplies and get back to their
their families so far children are dying
of dehydration and starvation while
their parents
are try to get their di Food Supplies
and and water and and these are the
things that we're talking about things
that are basics for human survival right
now as the Sal continues to spread but
there is a the fact that it's happening
for the fourth time as a lot of people
Express that it's happening deliberately
and there is a a deliberate attack
on into this part of the gos and only
feeds into as one person described it
only Fe into one conclusion which is
either people will die of starvation or
eventually they will have to to leave
Elsewhere for example as expressed
multiple times this is what is referred
to as a voluntary immigration but the
way it's happening it looks more like of
a forc expulsion expulsion by starvation
or by the intense bombing campaign
corner there reports of many people who
are injured and arriving to health
facilities are largely are prepared to
receive this kind of emergencies right
now they're all out of service in in the
northern part of Gaza City no medical
supplies insufficient medical staff so
the life isard that people are losing
their lives there because they're shock
now or being targeted waiting for food
is is very high H mm for in Raa thank
you